Tuesday 2-oct-2018 meeting
  Go permission from Mario for up ro $100 to spend in AWS to create a server and spot to attmept to up load a demonstration of both serices.
  Contacting PLU and WWU for information as they use smae services of Islandora(WWU) and Dspace(PLU)
  establishing nrequirements to run system
  
20-Sept-2018:
  Conducted meeting with Dean of Library Amy Stewart-Mailhiot . 
    Set what she wanted researched for an Intelectual Repositry.
      1 - Check mutiple other sources, two she wants checked out is Dspace and Islandora
      Group set up goals:
        Research mutiple sources and meet again on 25 oct to go over systems that meet Freeware and used to set up IR
 25- Sept:
        Systems I looked at Invenio and VuFind. Invenio was recented compleely overhauled and older Inventio systems were incompatable wih the new system. Recomend statying
        away from it currently.
        VuFind uses Solr Energy. Apache Solr which is used by Islandora. The freware used and developed by Villanova uNiversity.
        Compared t Islandora and Dspace recommend staying with main two softwares choices.
27 -Sep: Team agreed to research just Dspace and Islandora after intial comparison.
        Split team up with AUgustine and me research Islandora and Raj and Ahmed research Dspace
30-Sep: Isloandora is located at https://www.islandora.ca
          designed initially by a college library system, the Robertson Library of the University of Prince Canada
          Software alnguages and systems used with it are:
           Fedora, Apache Solr, and Drupal
           Sandbox is available for testing allow us to get initial hands use
           Very easy up-front user controls
           Documentation easily reached. Says for download can use Github
           There is documentation for learning how to implement ISLANDORA available from the ISLANDORA homepage. With the goal of creating a system that is both easy to implement and simple to learn, this fits our needs very well.
           A modular framework for defining specific data types, including standard audio, PDF, images, paged content, videos, and web archives
           A flexible faceted search (Solr).
      Videos watched:
          https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IF0ppflKtTM&t=174s
          https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emNMZFBN0bc&list=PL0J3FDIF-sPVM27VNsAP1XqfOHKk20UoR
   5 - OCt: Run Sandbox to see how it uploads files
   16-Oct: Got together what we had researched. Group wanted to go with Islandora. I recommeded we doclient update brief see what te client wants
   18-Oct: put together intial presentation ofr Mid term brief. Contacted PLU and Oregon Library on experiences with Dspace and Islandora
   PLU (Dspace)- Installed it themselves.  Some issue with user interface 
   Oregon State Library (Islandora) - Had a vendor install and operate it. Find the user interface very easy to use. Vendor controls all backside and require intractions if they wish to change the systm at all.
   
   
